README.md, before:

# Noteworthy

### Bugs

The reloaded page needs to redirect the user to the correct page.
The alerts on desktop are annoying.

### Features left to implement

User

    Remove account (Don't forget to remove the users books.)
    Change password

Book

    Edit details
    Remove keyboard after user has searched for a book.
    Don't allow a user to put in conflicting dates when adding a book.

### Responsive

Profile

    The desktop needs some work. The reading and read nav needs finishing.

Search Books

    The top margin is too small. On small mobile the view is too squashed.

Settings

    ...

View all

    The desktop needs to be started.

Login

    A container needs creating for all forms and hopfully that will also work for the intro section.

### Problems

None...

##### Futrue upgrads

Icons on the rating from 0 - 5

Make the navigation more animated.
Book recommendations for users.
Book club with a month book to read each month. Also, a poll for users to choose the book.

##### Bigger Feature upgrades

Allow the users to make their notes public or private to be shown to other users.
Show average time taken to read by all users.
Allow uses to search their own books.

### Improvments

Fix alert to the top of the page.
Total pages to finish current books.
Total note count.
sort notes option.
Stop book images from being stetched.

Commit message:

Added the logic to show the books on desktop and added some styling.

README.md, after:

# Noteworthy

### Bugs

The reloaded page needs to redirect the user to the correct page.
The alerts on desktop are annoying.
The first, last name and email aren't showing sometimes.

### Features left to implement

User

    Remove account (Don't forget to remove the users books.)
    Change password

Book

    Edit details
    Remove keyboard after user has searched for a book.
    Don't allow a user to put in conflicting dates when adding a book.

### Responsive

Profile

    The desktop needs some work. The reading and read nav needs finishing.

Search Books

    The top margin is too small. On small mobile the view is too squashed.

Settings

    ...

View all

    The desktop needs to be started.

Login

    A container needs creating for all forms and hopfully that will also work for the intro section.

Book info

    This section needs to be started.

### Problems

It's working but it's probably not best practice. I've had to use a forceUpdate state on resizing the window.

### Refactoring

Profile

    Desktop book view.

##### Futrue upgrads

Icons on the rating from 0 - 5

Make the navigation more animated.
Book recommendations for users.
Book club with a month book to read each month. Also, a poll for users to choose the book.

##### Bigger Feature upgrades

Allow the users to make their notes public or private to be shown to other users.
Show average time taken to read by all users.
Allow uses to search their own books.

### Improvments

Fix alert to the top of the page.
Total pages to finish current books.
Total note count.
sort notes option.
Stop book images from being stetched.
